Added support FCM push notifications (#841)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-android: sdk/communication/azure-communication-chat/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History
## 1.1.0-beta.3 (Unreleased)

> ### New Features
> - Added support FCM push notifications
>     - ChatAsyncClient:
>         - Added `startPushNotifications`
>         - Added `stopPushNotifications`
>         - Added `handlePushNotification`
>         - Added `addPushNotificationHandler`
>         - Added `removePushNotificationHandler`
>     - ChatClient:
>         - Added `startPushNotifications`
>         - Added `stopPushNotifications`
>         - Added `handlePushNotification`
>         - Added `addPushNotificationHandler`
>         - Added `removePushNotificationHandler`
>      - Added `ChatPushNotification` as the type for passing push notification payload
>      - Added `PushNotificationCallback` as the type for customized push notification handler
>      - Added instructions in README.md in sample app for steps to setup FCM push notifications
>      - Added code in sample app for FCM push notification end to end scenario
> - Added `startRealtimeNotifications(Context context)` to ChatAsyncClient
> - Added `startRealtimeNotifications(Context context)` to ChatClient

Reviewer: We are using a different header now for new features. Also, you might want to make it clear these are methods users can call.
```suggestion
### Features Added
- Added support FCM push notifications:
    - Added methods to `ChatAsyncClient`:
        - `startPushNotifications`
        - `stopPushNotifications`
        - `handlePushNotification`
        - `addPushNotificationHandler`
        - `removePushNotificationHandler`
    - Added methods to `ChatClient`:
        - `startPushNotifications`
        - `stopPushNotifications`
        - `handlePushNotification`
        - `addPushNotificationHandler`
        - `removePushNotificationHandler`
     - Added `ChatPushNotification` as the type for passing a push notification payload.
     - Added `PushNotificationCallback` as the type for a customized push notification handler.
     - Added instructions in README.md in sample app for steps to setup FCM push notifications.
     - Added code in sample app for FCM push notification end to end scenario.
- Added `startRealtimeNotifications(Context context)` to `ChatAsyncClient`.
- Added `startRealtimeNotifications(Context context)` to `ChatClient`.
```

# Release History
## 1.1.0-beta.3 (Unreleased)
### New Features
- Added support FCM push notifications
    - ChatAsyncClient:
        - Added `startPushNotifications`
        - Added `stopPushNotifications`
        - Added `handlePushNotification`
        - Added `addPushNotificationHandler`
        - Added `removePushNotificationHandler`
    - ChatClient:
        - Added `startPushNotifications`
        - Added `stopPushNotifications`
        - Added `handlePushNotification`
        - Added `addPushNotificationHandler`
        - Added `removePushNotificationHandler`
     - Added `ChatPushNotification` as the type for passing push notification payload
     - Added `PushNotificationCallback` as the type for customized push notification handler

>      - Added instruction in README.md in sample app for steps to setup FCM push notification

Reviewer: nit;
```suggestion
     - Added instructions in README.md in sample app for steps to setup FCM push notifications
```
